A fellow hitman...?
The Silent Assassin!
Just my luck to end up competing
with a big shot for this job.
However...
I'm not letting you have my target!
You and I both knew what we signed up
for when we got into this business!
Die!
I'm sure I got in more attacks...
But I guess that doesn't
matter against this guy.
I swear... This is just my luck.
Hey, hey, Tsukasa-kun!
We're going shopping and hitting up
a cafe after school! Wanna come?
Sorry, I need to stay
and finalize the club budgets.
You're always busy. I guess that's
how it is for the student council.
It's too bad.
I'll join you next time.
Thanks as always, Hosoyama.
Shiori's always ready to help.
I just can't stand letting things lie.
What's wrong, Yuki?
Y'know those dumb jokes
Tsujimura-sensei slips in during English?
I dunno whether I'm supposed to laugh or what.
That's what's been on your mind?
You've got practice, right, Asahina-kun?
Yeah. I need to test out my new bamboo sword.
CHAPTER ONE: THE REAL HERO
Hey, I read that one too!
You like isekai stories?
I'm just going through
whatever I can read for free.
Then lemme know if you've got recs.
Free ones, of course!
Who's that guy Nanase-kun was talking to?
Oda Akira.
Huh? Has he always been in our class?
He's never been one to make an impression.
I was well aware of how
I faded into the background,
so someone talking to me in class
felt like a minor crisis.
However, that feeling would soon pass...
only to be replaced
by an actual, genuine crisis.
Was that some kind of attack?
Where are we?
- Weren't we in the classroom?
- I'm so glad we're all alive.
Ladies and gentlemen!
His Royal Majesty would like a word with you.
Lend him your ears.
Are they in costume?
What have you done to us?!
Quiet, please!
Welcome, and thank you for answering
our call from your faraway realm.
This world is called Morrigan,
and you stand in the human kingdom of Retice,
the largest nation on the human continent.
"Human kingdom"?
We are currently under attack
from the demons.
But only a hero from another world possesses
the power to defeat the Demon Lord.
Whoa, whoa. Are you serious?
ADVENTURERS, HEROES, OVERPOWERED SKILLS
- This is just like in my isekai stories!
Now then, we wish to identify
the hero among you.
There will be but one.
Come place your hands on this crystal ball.
Me, me! I'll do it!
If you say "Status" in your mind,
we shall see what your class is.
Huh? It's in Japanese?
DAISUKE WAKI, CLASS: ANIMAL TRAINER
- Aw, man! I'm not the hero?
Yet even your starting stats far exceed
that of an average person in this world.
You are sure to go down in legend
alongside the hero.
YUKI UENO
CLASS: DISENCHANTER
"Disenchanter"?
TOMOYA TSUDA
CLASS: KNIGHT
SHIORI HOSOYAMA
CLASS: HEALER
I see!
Me next! Me!
If you say "Status" without
touching the crystal ball,
you can still see your own stats
for yourselves.
Status.
Says I'm a wind mage. What about you?
Assassin.
Hey, that suits you to a T.
Honestly, it took me ages to realize
you were even in our class.
What's going on here?
SHIORI HOSOYAMA, CLASS: HEALER
- What's with this disparity?
AKIRA ODA, CLASS: ASSASSIN
TSUKASA SATOU
CLASS: HERO
As expected of the hero!
Normally, people only have around
500 attack power even at level cap.
But yours is nearly double that!
No surprise there.
He's smart, athletic, our student council
president, and popular to boot.
Those are the hero's numbers?
So it's really only mine
that are this weirdly high...
You wanna go next?
Not many of us left.
This isn't good.
Are they even telling the truth
about the so-called Demon Lord?
I know nothing about this world.
Revealing my abnormal stats right now
could prove problematic.
But there's no worming out of this...
CONCEAL PRESENCE
- Maybe I'll try that.
Conceal Presence.
It'll be our turn soon...
H-Huh? Where'd he go?
Now that we know your classes,
we'll arrange for any equipment you need.
We've readied rooms as well,
so you may retire for the night.
Phew, I managed to scrape through.
Are they monitoring us?
They must seriously be hiding something.
No one bothered to clean this room,
so I shouldn't have to worry
about anyone showing up.
Now then...
This looks like something
an assassin might wear.
Next up...
I need information.
Now that I get a look at the scenery,
we really are in another world, aren't we?
What absurd athleticism.
I guess I got your stereotypical
summoning bonus.
Conceal Presence.
How's it going with the brats?
They are mere children
from a world without magic.
They won't be a problem.
Excellent. Proceed as planned.
Remember, they are not
to enter the castle archives.
We can't have them learning too much.
As you wish.
I don't know what it is you're after,
but I do know that you people
are up to no good.
I could absolutely kill him,
right here and now.
What a feast!
Should I dismiss my concealment
and tell them what I saw last night?
But how could I get them to believe me?
Hear me out, guys.
We've all got to be on the same page.
We've apparently grown stronger
by coming to this world.
So shouldn't we use that power
to help the people here?
I want to go defeat the Demon Lord
like His Majesty asked.
And I want your help!
- Yeah, you're on!
- That's Tsukasa for you!
Damn, they're assuming the king
and the princess are our allies.
Attention, Squad 1!
Pleased to meet you.
My name is Saran Mithray.
I am knight commander of Retice.
Our "Last Bastion."
Though it's a bit pretentious
to say so myself, no?
Well, Gilles?
You're not exactly making a great
first impression here, Commander.
It's fine, it's fine.
Now then, my little heroes,
today begins your training.
In one month's time, you'll enter
a dungeon to test your mettle.
That said, I doubt you have any experience.
Which is where we come in.
Thank you for training us!
Thank you!
What am I to do about this?
- For starters, I guess I need more intel.
- Squad 1, proceed to Tent D!
- Yessir!
Gilles, you're in charge.
Huh?
Is something the matter?
I never dismissed Conceal Presence!
Does it have a max duration?
Don't worry.
Your Conceal Presence is still active.
You see, my eyes happen to be
a little bit special.
They're mystical, able to perceive
differences in temperature.
Then we have a problem.
I won't tell the king or princess,
so you can rest easy, my friend.
Wait, aren't you on their side?
It's complicated.
Oh, but don't go telling the king that.
Got it.
You want to see the archives?
Yeah. I know nothing about this world.
Much less magic or skills.
What level is your
Conceal Presence skill right now?
It's maxed out.
Really?
But most of my other skills are only level 1,
and I have no idea how to raise them.
If you'd like, I can teach you.
Plus, you won't find
what you seek in the archives.
If I'm being honest,
I've been hyped this whole time.
I'm in the kind of world
you only ever see in fiction.
But...
I still have to find a way
to get back to my own world.
My family's waiting for me.
Indeed, nothing beats a life
spent with family.
Do you know how I can return?
Unfortunately, I do not.
But you'll need to get stronger either way.
If you die before you get the chance
to go home, all will be for naught.
At the very least, I can help you become
an excellent assassin.
I don't like accepting favors for free.
Then you can pay me back
by telling me about your world.
I'm itching for some novelty, in fact.
I haven't introduced myself.
I'm Oda Akira.
Nice to meet you, Akira.
Okay, so in addition to humans and demons,
this world also has elves and beastfolk.
That's right. We all live
on separate continents.
Hey, are you sure this is going
to help increase my skills?
But of course.
You can only level your class
by killing monsters,
but you can level skills with training.
Anyway, your world sounds fascinating.
You speak of metal vessels that fly the sky
and slates that instantly
transmit information worldwide.
To me, they're just ordinary things.
I'm starting to miss the ordinary, though.
I'd say progress is satisfactory,
but my workload is significant
because you're entirely focused on Akira.
I mean, he's just so fun.
So are the stories of his world.
It's all most fascinating.
This "Japan"?
Indeed, the land the first hero hailed from.
What's more, the boy's
Conceal Presence skill is maxed out.
Cameras can't capture him.
It's max level? But only the very
first hero ever achieved that!
Speak of the devil, I guess.
Then I shall take my leave.
I happen to crave new knowledge myself.
I've been sneaking into
the archives every night to read,
and I found this scary little book.
I suppose it would be quite scary.
It contains plans for a coup.
I wrote it myself and disguised
it as a recipe book to hide it there.
I knew you would find it eventually.
Our king is broken beyond repair.
He's willing to pay a horrific price
to change the rules of our world.
We cannot stand for it.
However...
We knights owe a debt to the royal family.
Reading it, I could tell you're after
a peaceful end to his reign.
Perceptive as ever, Akira.
This would be easier if I'd killed him.
I have no ties to this world.
I snuck into his study the very night
we were summoned to this world.
He had no idea I was right behind him.
And yet...
I couldn't do it.
You made the right choice.
Huh?
The burden of killing a man
is a heavy one to bear.
You may be an assassin, but that doesn't
mean you're obligated to murder.
Spill no blood, especially if you're
to return to your world.
You're right. My mother and little sister
would be disappointed if I came home a killer.
Be an assassin who respects life
so that you may return to your family alive.
There's no shame in that.
Why are you looking out for me so much?
You didn't have to tell me
about the coup, either.
It's because I expect much from you.
And I'm not just talking about your stats.
Upon being summoned,
you didn't go with the flow.
You used your brain and decided
the best course of action.
Only one who has endured much
and overcome it all is capable of that.
I've lived in the background
since I was a kid.
Nobody's ever taken notice of me.
What are you talking about?
I'm saying this is the first time
anyone's ever sung my praises.
In that case, in exchange,
help me with my coup
before you return to your world.
We'll keep it peaceful.
I'll consider it.
Your month is now up.
Off to the Great Labyrinth of Kantinen we go.
You kids are heroes.
Walk with your heads held high.
They came out in droves just
to see us off to the local dungeon?
Why are you glaring at us?
I'm just curious, is all.
Everyone treats you
and your friends like heroes.
But have you any idea what was
sacrificed to summon you here?
"Sacrificed"? Sorry, I'm afraid I don't.
Then let us speak again once
you uncover the answer for yourself.
Something tells me this won't
be the last time we meet.
Another trap?!
Should we fall back, Commander Saran?
Good idea. You've all done well
your first time out.
O Lord, give me strength!
Divine Sword!
Now!
More up here?
This is a smoke bomb to keep monsters at bay.
Please use it should you ever
find yourself in peril.
Okay, that should help!
No way... What gives?
It can't be!
A minotaur?!
What's it doing on the upper floors?!
What?!
Akira?
Don't push yourself. Your arms are broken.
But if I don't protect our class, who will?
And who's gonna protect you?!
Well...
The hero's power is for saving the world!
Then who's going to protect all of you?
We can take care of ourselves!
Isn't that what we trained for?
But... I'm the hero...
The hero...
He's always been responsible,
but this is crazy.
Do we have a disenchanter here?
I'm a disenchanter...
Cast Dispel on him.
'Kay.
O baleful curse that plagues my friend...
Begone from my presence!
Holy crap! He really is cursed!
Keep at it.
Commander Saran!
Akira.
I'm giving you-know-what a shot.
You can't mean...
All so I can survive.
Understood. On my signal.
O Lord,
smite with your light these
foes that would obstruct us!
Lightning's Flash!
Shadow Magic... activate!
EPISODE 1: THE ASSASSIN EATS BREAD
NEXT TIME, EPISODE 2:
THE ASSASSIN TAKES CARE OF THE WOUNDED